In this video, we will see how the Workforce Management capability,
available in the point of sale,
empowers employees to optimize their work schedules,
helping to reduce conflicts, improve efficiency,
and ensure stores are adequately covered during peak sales periods.
Alex, our store manager, wants to review the schedule for the next week before publishing it.
He realizes that the store is not adequately covered for Sunday
and wants to add additional shifts.
He adds an 8 AM to 5 PM shift for a worker named Ivo
and adds notes requesting Ivo to open the store and clean the isles.
The manager is now happy with the shifts and publishes the schedule for the next week.
The store workers can now see the published the schedule in the point of sale.
Aaron, a store associate, realizes that he has a
shift for this coming Saturday which he will not be able to make
as he has a family commitment.
Looking at the shift chart, he realizes that Ivo’s Sunday shift works well for him.
Aaron creates a shift swap request for his Saturday shift with Ivo’s Sunday shift.
Unless Ivo accepts this request, the store manager will not
be able to view the request and the schedule will not be updated
until the store manager approves the swap.
Ivo views the request in the point-of-sale
and excepts the swap request.
Alex, the store manager, can now view the request and approve or deny it.
Alex views the request and approves it.
The schedule gets updated with the swapped shifts.
Aaron also wants to take a vacation two weeks from today
and wants to request an absence.
He creates an absence request by selecting from the available absence codes.
The absence requests are sent directly to the manager for approval.
Alex views the request and approves it.
The absence is now displayed on the schedule for the requested week.
Thank you for watching and please continue to the trial.